README.md, before:

# transparency

This is the repo supporting the Penn State Psychology Department's conversation about transparency, openness and reproducibility in scientific research.

## Peer-reviewed papers and commentaries

- Collaboration, O. S. (2015). Estimating the reproducibility of psychological. Science, 349(6251), aac4716. <http://doi.org/10.1126/science.aac4716>.
    + Bohannon, J. (2015). Many psychology papers fail replication test. Science, 349(6251), 910–911. <http://doi.org/10.1126/science.349.6251.910>.
    + Barrett, L. F. (2015, September 1). Psychology Is Not in Crisis. The New York Times. Retrieved from <http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/01/opinion/psychology-is-not-in-crisis.html>
        - Caplan, A. (2015, September 8). How Reliable Are Psychology Studies? The New York Times. Retrieved from <http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/08/opinion/how-reliable-are-psychology-studies.html>
    + Frank, M. (2015, August 31). Babies Learning Language: The slower, harder ways to increase reproducibility. Retrieved from <http://babieslearninglanguage.blogspot.com/2015/08/the-slower-harder-ways-to-increase.html>.
    + Srivastava, S. (n.d.). Moderator interpretations of the Reproducibility Project. Retrieved from <https://hardsci.wordpress.com/2015/09/02/moderator-interpretations-of-the-reproducibility-project/>
    - Earp, B.D. (2015, September 2). Psychology Is Not in Crisis? Depends on What You Mean by "Crisis". Retrieved from <http://www.huffingtonpost.com/brian-earp/psychology-is-not-in-crisis_b_8077522.html>.
- Nosek, B. A., Alter, G., Banks, G. C., Borsboom, D., Bowman, S. D., Breckler, S. J., … Yarkoni, T. (2015). Promoting an open research culture. Science, 348(6242), 1422–1425. <http://doi.org/10.1126/science.aab2374>. Suggests guidelines for journals.

## Resources

- [The Center for Open Science](http://centerforopenscience.org)
    + [Open Science Framework (OSF)](http://osf.io)
    + [Transparency and Openness Promotion (TOP) Guidelines](https://cos.io/top/).
- [Databrary](http://databrary.org).
    + Open science, data sharing, analysis tool [links](https://github.com/databrary/design/blob/master/references.md).
- [ICPSR](https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/icpsrweb/landing.jsp).
- [ScholarSphere](https://scholarsphere.psu.edu).

Commit message:

add Gelman, Bishop, APA, etc.

README.md, after:

# transparency

This is the repo supporting the Penn State Psychology Department's conversation about transparency, openness and reproducibility in psychological research.

## Peer-reviewed papers and commentaries

- Collaboration, O. S. (2015). Estimating the reproducibility of psychological Science, 349(6251), aac4716. <http://doi.org/10.1126/science.aac4716>.
    + Bohannon, J. (2015). Many psychology papers fail replication test. Science, 349(6251), 910–911. <http://doi.org/10.1126/science.349.6251.910>.
    + Barrett, L. F. (2015, September 1). Psychology Is Not in Crisis. The New York Times. Retrieved from <http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/01/opinion/psychology-is-not-in-crisis.html>
        - Caplan, A. (2015, September 8). How Reliable Are Psychology Studies? The New York Times. Retrieved from <http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/08/opinion/how-reliable-are-psychology-studies.html>
    + Frank, M. (2015, August 31). Babies Learning Language: The slower, harder ways to increase reproducibility. Retrieved from <http://babieslearninglanguage.blogspot.com/2015/08/the-slower-harder-ways-to-increase.html>.
    + Srivastava, S. (n.d.). Moderator interpretations of the Reproducibility Project. Retrieved from <https://hardsci.wordpress.com/2015/09/02/moderator-interpretations-of-the-reproducibility-project/>
    - Earp, B.D. (2015, September 2). Psychology Is Not in Crisis? Depends on What You Mean by "Crisis". Retrieved from <http://www.huffingtonpost.com/brian-earp/psychology-is-not-in-crisis_b_8077522.html>.
    - Abrams, D., Clayton, S., & Crandall, C. (n.d.). The Reproducibility Crisis: Less Than Meets the Eye. Retrieved September 20, 2015, from <https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/sound-science-sound-policy/201509/the-reproducibility-crisis-less-meets-the-eye>.
- Nosek, B. A., Alter, G., Banks, G. C., Borsboom, D., Bowman, S. D., Breckler, S. J., … Yarkoni, T. (2015). Promoting an open research culture. Science, 348(6242), 1422–1425. <http://doi.org/10.1126/science.aab2374>. Suggests guidelines for journals.
- Adolph, K. E., Gilmore, R. O., Freeman, C., Sanderson, P., & Millman, D. (2012). Toward Open Behavioral Science. Psychological Inquiry, 23(3), 244–247. <http://doi.org/10.1080/1047840X.2012.705133>
- Other views on reproducibility and data sharing
    + Gelman, A. (2015, September 14). Why aren’t people sharing their data and code? Retrieved September 20, 2015, from <http://andrewgelman.com/2015/09/14/its-not-so-easy-to-share-data-and-code-and-there-are-lots-of-bureaucrats-who-spend-their-time-making-it-even-more-difficult/>
    + Gelman, Andrew. (2015, September 16). The aching desire for regular scientific breakthroughs. Retrieved September 20, 2015, from <http://andrewgelman.com/2015/09/16/harsh/>
    + Eisenberg, N. (2015, June). Thoughts on the Future of Data Sharing - Association for Psychological Science. Retrieved from <https://www.psychologicalscience.org/index.php/publications/observer/2015/may-june-15/thoughts-on-the-future-of-data-sharing.html>
    + Bishop, Dorothy. (2015, July 11). BishopBlog: Publishing replication failures: some lessons from history. Retrieved from <http://deevybee.blogspot.com/2015/07/publishing-replication-failures-some.html>
    + Ascoli, G. A. (2006). The ups and downs of neuroscience shares. Neuroinformatics, 4(3), 213–215. <http://doi.org/10.1385/NI:4:3:213>
    
## Resources

- [The Center for Open Science](http://centerforopenscience.org)
    + [Open Science Framework (OSF)](http://osf.io)
    + [Transparency and Openness Promotion (TOP) Guidelines](https://cos.io/top/).
- [Databrary](http://databrary.org).
    + Open science, data sharing, analysis tool [links](https://github.com/databrary/design/blob/master/references.md).
    + [Data sharing manifesto](https://databrary.org/access/policies/data-sharing-manifesto.html)
- [ICPSR](https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/icpsrweb/landing.jsp).
- [ScholarSphere](https://scholarsphere.psu.edu).
- American Psychological Association (2015). Data Sharing: Principles and Considerations for Policy Development. Retrieved August 25, 2015, from <http://www.apa.org/science/leadership/bsa/data-sharing-report.aspx>
